\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode=true}{hyperref} % options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[12pt,oneside]{krantz}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provides euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage[]{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
            pdftitle={The Four Bad Guys},
            pdfauthor={Beckett Stephens},
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage{longtable,booktabs}
% Fix footnotes in tables (requires footnote package)
\IfFileExists{footnote.sty}{\usepackage{footnote}\makesavenoteenv{longtable}}{}
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother

\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{caption}
\captionsetup[figure]{labelformat=empty}
\usepackage[]{natbib}
\bibliographystyle{plainnat}

\title{The Four Bad Guys}
\providecommand{\subtitle}[1]{}
\subtitle{Book 5}
\author{Beckett Stephens}
\date{2018-12-07}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

{
\setcounter{tocdepth}{1}
\tableofcontents
}
\hypertarget{preface}{%
\chapter*{Preface}\label{preface}}


\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/05-four-bad-guys.jpg}

This book is about my adventures in a video game named Minecraft.

\hypertarget{about-the-author}{%
\chapter*{About the Author}\label{about-the-author}}


Beckett Stephens is an aspiring author and illustrator. \emph{The Four
Bad Guys} is his third published work. Beckett also loves Minecraft,
Lego's, and Transformers, as well as making up endless stories while he
walks. He currently lives in Maryland with his younger brother.

\hypertarget{acknowledgements}{%
\chapter*{Acknowledgements}\label{acknowledgements}}


Thanks to Dad for helping me publish \emph{The Four Bad Guys} online.
Also, thanks to Minecraft community for the inspiration that helped me
make this book.

\hypertarget{chapter-1-maleks-old-friend}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 1: Malek's old
friend}\label{chapter-1-maleks-old-friend}}


Someone was running. Someone was panicking. His name was Ender. He led a
company called the ``E.N.D. Spies''. Their job was to spy on bad guys,
but right now he was being hunted and he was running because End Bot and
three hunters were chasing him. Ender ran so fast that the bad guys
didn't know where he went. Soon Ender came to an electric fence
protecting our base. Ender said, ``Let me in! Let me in!'' There was a
security camera. I saw him over the security camera. I said, ``Malik you
have to see this.'' Malik came and said, ``That's Ender! Let him in!!''
I did. We closed the door. When the three bad guys arrived, Alex put up
the defenses. The bad guy in the middle said, ``You don't scare
\ldots{}!''

\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/scared.jpg}

Then, Clank!!! The other two bad guys dropped their weapons and ran
away. ``AAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!'' screamed the other bad guy as he ran away.
``That was easy,'' said Ender. ``Now tell us why you're here,'' I said.
``I will,'' said Ender.

\hypertarget{chapter-2-enders-story}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 2: Ender's story}\label{chapter-2-enders-story}}


Everybody found a seat and sat down.

I said, ``Ender, I want to hear your backstory. What brought you here?''

Ender said, ``Well first, I made a network of undercover spies from The
End. We call ourselves the E.N.D. Spies, and we infiltrated the bad guy
gang. We know that Malek likes to spy on other bad guys.''

``Wait you did?'' asked Malek.

``We did. One day a bad guy named Armstrong figured out that Malek likes
to spy on other bad guys. Armstrong ordered me to destroy Malek, but we
escaped and blew up the base instead. Every bad guy died except
Armstrong. Somehow Armstrong survived but he could no longer see out of
his left eye, and he lost feeling in his right arm. His eye and arm were
replaced with robot parts. Ever since that day all of our bases have
been hunted. I am the only Survivor.''

\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/armstrong.jpg}

Ender started to cry.

I said, ``Ender I'm sorry you can live with us.''

Felix said, ``Beckett are you sure?''

``Yes I'm sure,'' I said.

\hypertarget{chapter-3-two-villains}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 3: Two villains}\label{chapter-3-two-villains}}


After Herobrine Returns (the previous book) King Zombie took control of
the bad guys. He was trying to find more leaders to help him. He was
looking for a witch named Ave that helped him a long, long, long, time
ago. He sent End Bot and his helpers to look for her. Just then -- Ding
dong.

``Who is it?'' King Zombie asked.

``It's me, Ave.''

``Come in,'' said King Zombie.

Ave walked in and said, ``It's good to be back.''

``Ave, you are now a boss for the bad guys. Step closer to receive your
red violet badge and your black armor,'' said King Zombie.

\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/avestuff.jpg}

Ave stepped closer and got her stuff. Then Commander Rip said, ``King
Zombie you have to see this!''

They looked out the window to see someone flying toward the gate. It was
Endy.

\hypertarget{chapter-4-endy}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 4: Endy}\label{chapter-4-endy}}


There was Endy the Ender Dragon. King zombie said, ``Open the gate, and
let Endy in.''

He landed outside the door. King Zombie ran out and said, ``Endy, what
brings you here?''

Endy said with a growl, ``I want to see a Ave!!!''

Just then Ave ran out the door. Endy said, ``Two years ago King Ghast
took control of all the bad guys. I knew that the bad guys were going to
die, so I quit, and I promised to return when I would be needed. I woke
up today with a plan. Ave, use your powers to make me stronger, faster,
and more evil.''

``Sure,'' Ave said pleased.

\hypertarget{chapter-5-the-power}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 5: The Power!!!}\label{chapter-5-the-power}}


Ave called three more witches. Ave commanded, ``Look in page 61 of The
Witch Spells.''

They found it and looked at the blueprint. The blueprint looked like
this:

\includegraphics[width=2.08333in,height=\textheight]{img/key.jpg}

They got ready to do the spell.

Ave said to Endy, ``This really hurts a lot -- remember that.''

Endy said, ``Start,'' so they did.

Endy screamed as he felt himself getting stronger and stronger and
stronger. Soon his eyes turned red, and then the witches stopped.

``How do you feel Endy?'' asked Ave.

``Ha-ha, perfect!'' said Endy in an evil voice.

\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/endy.jpg}

\hypertarget{chapter-6-our-cool-spaceships}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 6: Our cool
spaceships}\label{chapter-6-our-cool-spaceships}}


\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/threeships.jpg}

\emph{Meanwhile at my base\ldots{}}

``I'm done!!!'' Alex said.

We ran over. It was a spaceship for the Water, Fire, Night, and Life
Gods.

``Wow!'' Everybody said.

Alex said, ``Oh that's nothing. come with me.''

My team walked down the hall and walked in a door and saw a big
battleship.

``What!!!'' Everybody screamed.

``I'm still working on it. It should be done by the end of this book,''
Alex said.

I said, ``Don't spoil the book.''

Beep! beep! beep!

``It's time for me to go on patrol. Bye everybody see you soon,'' I
said.

I got into the amazing Life Ship and flew away.

Then, Ender came back from his time spying on the bad guys and said,
``Where's Beckett?!?''

``Oh, he just went on Patrol.''

``No,'' said Ender.

``What?'' asked Felix.

Ender said, ``Beckett is going to be\ldots{}''

\hypertarget{chapter-6-12-the-plan}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 6 1/2: The plan}\label{chapter-6-12-the-plan}}


Sorry that I had to interrupt that chapter but there is something I need
to tell you:

\emph{15 minutes earlier\ldots{}}

The bad guy set up a meeting. King zombie said, ``Endy, you said you had
a plan.''

``Yes,'' said Endy, ``Instead of fighting Beckett's whole team we will
just fight Beckett. Then we will fight the rest of the team. Then we
will suck the Life Gem's magic and use it to take over. Ha-ha-ha!''

``Great idea. To keep the good guys busy I will send Commander
Armstrong,'' King Zombie said. He called Commander Armstrong and sent
him to my base. Ender, who was spying, saw this all and ran away.

\hypertarget{chapter-6-34-our-cool-spaceships-in-progress}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 6 3/4: Our cool spaceships (in
progress)}\label{chapter-6-34-our-cool-spaceships-in-progress}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Chapter 6 3/4: Our cool spaceships (in
progress)}

\ldots{}Hunted by Endy the Ender Dragon, King Zombie, and Ave the Witch!
We need to find him and fast!!"

Everybody ran to their space ships. Alex opened the door when\ldots{}

ZZZAP!!!! A blue ray shot down. Alex closed the door before it got
inside.

``Who did that?!?'' Alex asked herself.

\hypertarget{chapter-7-armstrong}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 7: Armstrong}\label{chapter-7-armstrong}}


Ender ran to the camera. He said,'' Armstrong! he did that!''

Armstrong flew over our base in his spaceship. Suddenly arms came out of
the spaceship. One arm was holding a machine called ``The Hypnotizer''

Meanwhile, I was being chased by Endy, Ave and King Zombie. Suddenly a
slot opened in my Life Ship that was the same shape as the Life Sword.
So I put the Life Sword in. Just then a giant sword formed on top of my
spaceship. ``Perfect.'' I said.

I fought the bad guys but they continued chased me.

Meanwhile, Armstrong was attacking Felix, Malik, Alex, Mom, and
Ender.Felix, Malek and Mom were flying their spaceships. Alex and Ender
were inside my base launching cannon balls. Armstrong hit the base with
his Hypnotizer and everyone inside got hypnotized (Alex and Ender). Next
he hit Mom and then Malek. Then in Felix's Fire Ship a slot openned to
put the fireball shooter in. Felix did. Suddenly, a huge fireball
shooter formed on top of Felix's Fire Ship. Felix pressed the button and
the fireball shooter shot a fireball. It hit the bad guys' spaceship,
and it crashed, but Armstrong escaped.

Meanwhile the bad guys were still chasing me. They were right above me
and sucked me in with a tractor beam.

``Oh no.'' I said sadly.

\hypertarget{chapter-8-captured}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 8: Captured}\label{chapter-8-captured}}


They put me in a cell in their space ship.

``Set a course for Beckett's base,'' King Zombie said.

I was sitting in my cell when I heard a voice. ``Beckett -- it's me the
Life Gem. I'm very proud that you\ldots{}AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!''"

I heard Ave from outside the cell door, ``I successfully sucked the
magic out of the Life Gem.''

I put my head down I started to cry. ``No,'' I said. But I felt like he
was still alive, and he was.

You see, the Life Gem was being recharged by me. I didn't know how at
the time, but eventually the tank was holding too much magic and got too
full and shut down Ave's magic-sucking contraption. The Life Gem got
free. It hopped to me and then I turned into the Life God and said, ``I
look different.''

\includegraphics[width=4.16667in,height=\textheight]{img/lifegod.jpg}

The Life Gem said, ``That means you can shoot a tree out of your hand.''

``Cool!'' I said.

Then I cut the bars using my Life Sword. Then I ran to docking area and
climbed into my Life Ship. Then I formed the Life Sword on top of my
Life Ship and cut the spaceship and flew out of the hole. The bad guys'
space ship crashed in front of my base.

\hypertarget{chapter-9-big-fight}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 9: Big fight}\label{chapter-9-big-fight}}


King Zombie crashed. When he woke up he saw Felix.

``Well, well, well, look who's here,'' King Zombie said.

``I am here to finish the job -- soon you will be no more,'' said Felix.

Felix turned into the Fire God. King Zombie got out his fire sword. They
fought. Felix wasn't getting anywhere but he was dodging all King
Zombie's attacks. Then he formed the fireball shooter and shot
fireballs. King Zombie dodged all of these. But one of them hit his
sword. Felix kept firing more and more fireballs at King Zombie's sword.
Then the fire sword flew out of King Zombie's hands. ``No!'' King Zombie
said. Felix and King Zombie raced to get the sword. Felix got it first.
Then he slashed King Zombie's head, but King Zombie survived. Felix
said, ``I win,'' and he walked away.

\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/greenheads.jpg}

Ave came and helped King Zombie up. Armstrong, Ave, and King Zombie went
away. But Endy stayed to finish the job

\hypertarget{chapter-10-endys-last-breath}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 10: Endy's last
breath}\label{chapter-10-endys-last-breath}}


Mom said, ``Malek and I will chase King Zombie, Ave, and Armstrong.
Felix and Beckett will defeat Endy.'' Then Mom and Malek ran away. Felix
and I got in our spaceships and started fighting Endy. But Endy was
faster than our spaceships. He could heal very fast, and he was very,
very strong. Endy hit our spaceships so hard with his tail our
spaceships fell to the ground.

``Oh no!'' I said.

``It is all over!'' said Felix.

Then we heard this: ``Screech!!!!''

\includegraphics[width=6.25in,height=\textheight]{img/longrocket.jpg}

A few seconds later we saw Alex's big battleship!

Alex said, ``I told you it would be ready at the end of this book. Now,
let's go fight Endy.''

I said, ``Okay!''

Endy attacked but he could hardly make a dent in Alex's new ship before
he got hurt. Endy was so distracted by the battleship that he didn't see
me in my spaceship. I formed the sword on top of my spaceship and I
slashed Endy with it. Eventually Endy fell to the ground. When the dust
cleared Endy was no more.

\hypertarget{chapter-11-the-portal}{%
\chapter*{Chapter 11: The portal}\label{chapter-11-the-portal}}


\includegraphics[width=4.16667in,height=\textheight]{img/portal.jpg}

A few hours later, Ave said, ``We may have lost Endy but we still have
tons of Life Gem magic -- more than I ever thought was possible. I think
I can build a portal that will send the good guys galaxies away.'' So
that's what she did.

\emph{Four days later\ldots{}}

Ave launched the portal. We saw the portal, and we knew it was Ave's
handywork. The portal began sucking up all the local villagers. We
jumped in our spaceships to destroy the portal. It was a hard fight. At
the end, the portal was going to suck up the gods. From a distance Ave
was shooting pulse arrows. These arrows suck up magic. Felix, Malek,
Alex, Mom, and I were all being sucked closer to the portal. Then a
turbo switch opened on Felix's dashboard. Felix pressed the button and
got free of the portal's grip. But then Felix heard me say, ``Goodbye
Felix.''

Alex, Malek, Mom, and I were all sucked in.

Felix said, ``No!'' Felix started to cry. He had no idea what he was
going to do next.

\hypertarget{the-end}{%
\chapter*{The end}\label{the-end}}


Sorry there will be no more books in this series. No more not at all!

Who am I kidding? I will make tons more!

So find out where I am in my next book:

\textbf{TWO ADVENTURES}

\emph{Book 6 about my adventures in a video game named Minecraft.}

\end{document}
